[Music]
But the biggest problem here are the
victims that you're mentioning,
that are the ones that truly
fall by the wayside or that
one suddenly Of course you you Imagine that a
source arrives or you have that you
consider very valuable
a program from a direction of whatever
and suddenly he arrives and gives you
information that you in your in your cabals
and in your imagination say [ __ ] I'm going to
address it with this but it's that maybe you
are a piece of a much
bigger program But you're like a match I mean you
're expendable It's okay you've
burned yourself well that's it good luck I mean
no Having always said it I can because of
this I say that you say that he has done his
job of course very well very well done what
happens with Caro we don't know the origin of
that information so in the end is
where people get their fingers caught and
then in the end the producer will come he will
wish you here in Ortega 50,000
I have here for the next interview
of the clock Take off my head you know you
know
you  Do you remember that magazine that
existed that no longer exists that
always had a topless person on the cover,
a nude or whatever, and then
inside they tried to have sordid things?
I was very good friends with the person
who was the
legal manager of that magazine for many years and I
often asked her when something happened I
said [ __ ] how do you put that in
these stories and I'm not anymore she said to me
Look, I'm going to tell you this because it's
very easy, I get some topless photos of
Madonna and my
editor, my director, I don't know what he tells me, I
want to publish this, I
look at what more or less I do
n't know where they're going to get their hands on us
In how many places do I
effectively quantify it 45
How many copies are we going to sell more
look So there you
have it, with that base that
represents
this type of programs too, but
well, let's see, we risk having
lawsuits filed against us for the value of X
money,
how much do we earn,
a kind of
legal brake, no, this can't be, we no, no,
no, yes, in the end the sanctions are
economic I mean, no, this can't be
counted No, yes, it can  what happens maybe
but that's what I mean most, I mean
we've discussed this before Julian,
certain practices are not going to change until
the sanctions are exemplary And
what do I mean by exemplary, that they
really hurt you because they are worse than
what you are earning, of course it
should happen at all levels I mean
not only in what we are
talking about, it should happen in everything and on
television more I mean you don't have it makes no
sense that the sentences, for
example, so many that there are in the
media, have that longevity I mean
something happens to me today and the trial is
next year it is an aberration
time money I have a trial of
something I said
in 19 at the beginning of 2019 I don't think I am
saying it the
same I am not clear at all and also the
amount is not only an
economic question but also a temporal one that I hear
in all this time
I have suffered what we talked about before, not
discredit and a series of things that
[ __ ] that are a problem but that does not
make any sense I mean it's like
when they say what is talked about
so easily, I already told you in the
interview about the driver  of
the uvi So it is spoken with such
ease now and with such agility and
lightness of not the bribed doctors
the police the [ __ ] Well the thing is that this is
an outrage or rather it is that this that this
I do not understand how
people segregated no you can know that you as a
journalist you can have your Sources Yes
yes you are not doing anything wrong the
bad thing is being committed by the other the other the
bad thing of course what is the problem that
the law protects you that I do not
ask you Who is the other then made
the law is the trap nobody gives me the
information a police officer
even if it was for example a
collaborator like Belén Esteban
grabbed that it is that they are not talking about this subject
but the thing is that this subject has
many friends that there was a lot to talk about and We
would have to see the cars passed it as they are not taking it out we do
not know but
Belén Esteban who is not a journalist
when she went to testify according to what she said she
clings to the right of journalists
not to tell her source that in a
program
and I tell you more and I tell you more the
problem is that I
sincerely believe and based  In my experience, it's that
I think that the players don't
take this too seriously because
I would like, I would really like,
I sincerely don't believe that a judge would
put the screws on them and for some
exclusive information of such and such, I do
n't know what, he would accept that he would invoke
professional secrecy, it's that I don't
believe it now
that I have uncovered a mess in Moncloa
of a brutal fraud, I
don't reveal my sources very well and I
understand that there is real coverage
now that the judge that a judge gives the
same validity to that, to that parapet to that
professional secrecy in one case as in the
other, I
want to believe that I would love to
know that order to see what arguments they have
put forward to dismiss it, whatever it is, I don't
know if it is a provisional dismissal or
what it is, but I would love to
read it because he must have a lot of
friends, you know, he
said that, the same thing he archives them
because what he is saying, that this
is not a revelation of the secret and that this has
come from word of mouth, an
elaborate point of save me, we don't give a damn about the
moment, at the moment in which there is
newspaper archive that it is proven that
this green emperor who had to
leave Twitter at the moment that I
newspaper archive where between them they are
throwing in your face that the information
allegedly comes from a National Police officer
you no matter what you say you did not
reveal your sources because I am a journalist
and whatever if it is proven that this
information comes illegally you
would be committing receiving stolen goods You are
using something illegal to market
with them if a police officer comes to me
man you see it depends on what you say of
course I understand
police the police record of Omar
Montes for example Yes you are doing
something if it is proven that you
obtained it illegally because a
National Police officer cannot enter a
database take a file because he feels like it
and plant it in a place where
money is going to be made with that
police record legally it is the police officer who has
committed the crime but commercial
already but you For example I steal a cell phone
and I give it to you and you sell it you are
committing the crime of acceptance because you are
marketing it with an object that has been
obtained illegally if I take
the information illegally and I make
money with it
I  I think it also depends on
the weight
apart but it
is not a police record it is where
the police date has ended because
in the end of course that is the issue is that
I believe that that is what in the
end
discolors the seriousness of the matter or rather I It is that I
think that I put myself in the role
of a judge And I said that I am playing a
thing that has ended in save me but
for example Imagine that a police officer
imagine no imagine that it is yours but
imagine that a police officer tells me
something that does not violate
anyone's privacy so super private it is not like a
medical report or anything like that but
imagine that he tells me because a famous person
who is also a very famous person with a lot of media and very
important and who usually sells himself on these
programs has fought at the
Seville fair and he hit a
guy with a bottle in the booth and opened his
head and the police came and
took him away in handcuffs a police officer tells me about it
I was in a
police state or rather another thing is that you
say a police officer or a source
told me that this at the fair of  Sevilla
hit the other one with a bottle You can
say that, he told me But if you say
here I have the police report where it
says that it seems there in Seville Yes that
was Seville but I don't know what to
tell you there eh I think it would depend on
the case and what I know what he is
saying
that they were going to
arrest the father of this one
chosen one
I know what he is saying Speaking
clearly and what happens is that I think or let's go
I imagine that being the judge your part will
interest me less it is a bit like
drug trafficking I mean in the end the
petty dealing matters less to me than the
drug dealer who is supplying you in this
case you have the paper you are
committing a crime or not but what
interests me is who gave you that moment I mean that is
where the gap is The Gap
in the Source
the National Police But and but if it were
an isolated isolated incident you
can still compare it with the petty dealing
that you are talking about that you are
caught in this case it is continued something
habitual carried out against 148 celebrities and I do
n't know how long the edition that has Of course
then  It's one thing for you to have a
police officer
giving you information because
you're being robbed, imagine, hey,
I have someone inside the garage who
's robbing me and the police officer has access to
the security camera. Hey,
the cop can't do it with the intention. In theory, he can't
give you the information under any
circumstances, in other words, for one thing or
another, but what if it's also for
profit, in other words, to
get me out, he made a video about this and posted
a news story that had nothing to do with
television, it wasn't media-friendly, but they were
asking a National Police officer for four years
in prison for revealing secrets,
for having entered
a third party's police record seven times,
passing that information to another person,
that person then passes it on to another person,
okay. The case is identical because the
National Police officer was asked for four years
for having entered seven times, the one who
was in the middle was asked for it and the one who
ended up getting two years. I mean,
in something as simple as working
in telephony. Okay, I have signed under the
data protection law that I
cannot enter a client's data record
and provide them with that information.  to
no one The police came to my
store to ask me who was the owner of
a phone and if there is no
court order I can't give it to them or so up to
that point then in something as simple
as that I can't do it are you going to tell me
that here anyone can
happily enter a police file and
leak the data and here nothing happens not
even the administrators of the
hospitals or of the
health centers can't get into the file of
any
patient to see
I read a nurse that they sentenced I don't
know if it was you don't go to jail
obviously not because the intention
was not either but they sentenced her because she
got into the file of her boyfriends you ca
n't do it Well
[Music]